c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\AkyuuBot.exe.config
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\AkyuuBot.exe
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\AkyuuBot.pdb
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\obj\Debug\AkyuuBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\obj\Debug\AkyuuBot.exe
c:\users\hieu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkyuuBot\AkyuuBot\obj\Debug\AkyuuBot.pdb
